update entry point articles for ag products (#648)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-mac/features/features.md

## Main window

Main screen with statistics on blocked ads and trackers and access to main settings

[Main window](/adguard-for-mac/features/main.md)

## General

Basic settings to block search ads and website self-promotional ads, enable language-specific filters, and manage *Allowlist*

[General](/adguard-for-mac/features/general.md)

## Filters

Filters and user rules to fine-tune ad blocking

[Filters](/adguard-for-mac/features/filters.md)

## DNS

Settings for a secure DNS server and DNS filters to block ads, trackers, and dangerous websites

[DNS](/adguard-for-mac/features/dns.md)

## Stealth Mode

> Advanced protections settings to block tracking, cookies, UTM tags, online analytics that collect user information

Reviewer: а че за protections settings
может так просто?
```suggestion
Settings to block cookies, UTM tags, and online analytics that collect user information
```

[Stealth Mode](/adguard-for-mac/features/stealth.md)

## Security

A setting that blocks access to malicious and phishing websites and protects you from online threats

[Security](/adguard-for-mac/features/security.md)

## Browser Assistant

An extension that complements the desktop program and allows you to manage filtering from your browser

[Browser Assistant](/adguard-for-mac/features/browser-assistant.md)

## Extensions

> A script manager that allows you to extend the functionality of websites by adding userscripts and userstyles

Reviewer: так, а стили это не скрипты
просто A feature тоже?
